feat: FIR-43724 implement streaming in node sdk (#137)
firebolt-db/firebolt-node-sdk: README.md

<a id="streaming-results"></a>
### Streaming results

> Streaming can only be used with a v2 connection and only using the execute stream method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streaming can only be used with a v2 connection and only using the `executeStream` method.
```

> Streaming can only be used with a v2 connection and only using the `executeStream` method.

Reviewer 2: if this is for developers I don't know if they know what v2 connection means. Should we say: Firebolt 2.0 backend instead?

Reviewer: Old users will know this, but not someone recently joining Firebolt. I think this is fine to assume only new users will read this docstring and omit mentioning v2 altogether. Firebolt 1.0 users are aware new features are rolled out only for firebolt 2.0 now.

Reviewer 3: Let's remove the mention of v2 completely here. v2 is the only available version right now, v1 is outdated and only exists for customers who were originally on it.
We need to make sure that we raise an exception if a user tries to executeStream with a v1 connection, which explicitly says that streaming is not supported for v1

> The streamResult method from normal the normal execute method returns an in-memory stream of result, rather than dynamically fetching them from the response.

Reviewer: Something went wrong here, let's reread this part.

Author: I have redone this part, you can check again

const firebolt = Firebolt();
const connection = await firebolt.connect(connectionParams);
const statement = await connection.executeStream("select * from generate_series(1, 1000)");

const { data } = await statement.streamResult();

data.pipe(serializedStream).pipe(process.stdout);
```

<a id="in-memory-stream"></a>
### In-memory stream

> When using the streamResult method on the object returned from a simple execute method, the driver will return an in-memory stream of the result. This is useful for small result sets, but not recommended for large result sets.

Reviewer: Let's add a line explaining what in-memory stream is. Something like "In this case the whole result will be first fetched in memory and then made available via `streamResult`. This is done for compatibility reasons and has no performance benefits compared to using `fetchResult`".
This way we're answering some questions that we've already had from the customers.
